Add Web API Analyzers deprecation warnings for .NET 10+ (#37295)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/openapi/include-metadata.md

By default, there are no compile-time checks to ensure that the response metadata specified with a [`[ProducesResponseType]` attribute](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ProducesResponseTypeAttribute) is consistent with the actual behavior of the action method, which may return a different status code or response body type than specified by the metadata. To enable these checks, [enable Web API analyzers](xref:web-api/advanced/analyzers).

> [!WARNING]

> > Web API analyzers are deprecated as of .NET 10 and will be removed in a future release. For more information, see [IncludeOpenAPIAnalyzers property and MVC API analyzers are deprecated](/aspnet/core/breaking-changes/10/openapi-analyzers-deprecated?view=aspnetcore-10.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `IncludeOpenAPIAnalyzers` property and its associated Web API analyzers are deprecated as of .NET 10 and will be removed in a future release. Setting `IncludeOpenAPIAnalyzers` to `true` emits warning `ASPDEPR007`. For more information, see [IncludeOpenAPIAnalyzers property and MVC API analyzers are deprecated](/aspnet/core/breaking-changes/10/openapi-analyzers-deprecated).
```
Making this more consistant with the other files.
